stay home
I am Nashville now I am Nashville I'm a
mágico and this time with me mom you're
checking out apartment sink we bought
the store son you can't see my face
yesterday was a great day of exploring
the college campus and exploring
apartments and hanging out with friends
and Janie and today I was due
the city of she's saying something went
wrong something went terribly wrong very
rough that's why I'm so exhausted right
now check this out okay
Naomi so where so we got lucky and I put
it up put it put it in us up in the
Yacht Club at the Sarina so we're just
hanging out here basically because Sarah
dropped her keys in the water she sat
down and they fell right out of her
pocket and they're just floating in the
water somewhere so they're probably
there they're probably like gone but we
are hiring a diver
that's how serious this is a diver is
coming to look for the keys until then
we're suckers that they'll find it
introduce yourself hello I'm Brian
Chandler from the marina
this guy's helping us out
then Naomi are you excited I'm so
excited let's get my kid in my hero
how long I live in let's see over an
hour now just chillin
he found the key let me see oh my gosh
and you found it in the beginning that
was a key for car right when I found it
I was like man so my car
I don't want to be like a super-gay like
I'm gonna get damn a ghost just got home
from a lovely dinner lovely dinner with
lovely people Nashville is filled with
lovely people yes and can't wait to move
here and it has been yet another lovely
trip in Nashville signing off